Membership Tiers - on a page titled “Membership Options”

Individual Community Membership: $400 annually
Well hello there you lucky bastard who gets to live along the Front Range in Colorado! If you’re someone who lives in or around Longmont, your life is already pretty great. Why not 10x how awesome it is by adding a group of friendly, intelligent, adventurous, generous people to your orbit? This $400 a year gets you access to all events at FI Collective, even the premium ones that non-members have to pay for! Come to our weekly potlucks and happy hours, learn in one of our many classes, chat about personal finance in our FI discussions, or plan your own event and find others who share your interests! 

Family Community Membership: $600 annually
What’s that? You’re lucky enough to live in this awesome area and have a spouse/partner/family that you want to bring along to events? Amazing. Let’s get them in on the fun, too! $600 gets them all a membership and invited to FI Collective events! This is just like the individual community membership but includes your family! This is perfect for couples or someone who plans on bringing kids around. (P.S. Are you the Von Trapp family with oodles of kids running around that you plan to bring around regularly? Let’s talk and we’ll figure something out!)

Co-working Membership: $1,000 annually (or $1,200 if paid semiannually)
Do you plan on bringing your laptop to FI Collective and working pretty regularly? Then the co-working tier is right for you. Most co-working spaces in the area charge at least three times what we do, so this is a real bargain! And this comes with all the perks of the community membership for you and one family member. You and your family member will get access to all community events, even the premium ones that the non-members pay for. FI Collective has a limited number of private offices, so we can’t sell too many of these memberships or folks won’t have a quiet space to be on the phone or concentrate. We’ll let you know if we’re at max capacity. (And we hope you’ll still become a community member if we are!) If you’re concerned about all the fun events going on here being distracting (this is, after all, mostly a community space), know that we’ll always give you advance notice of any major events going on during the day, and there is a tiny house in the back available for private meetings or calls. 

Remote Membership: $100 annually
Don’t live around here? This option is aimed at people who want to be part of all the FI Collective fun but live in a galaxy far, far away. Or maybe you just live in Denver or Fort Collins and hate driving, so you only make it to FI Collective a few times a year. (Wasn’t there some dude on the internet who discouraged us all from driving so much?? Hmmm … who was that??) This membership level is for YOU! What does it get you? 
Virtual meetings at least once a month. We plan on bringing in some big names from the FI community to host talks, AMAs, and interactive learning sessions. 
Full access to the physical space (just like a local member) when you do happen to be in town. (Come visit us! We love that!) 
You’ll be supporting the ideals of financial independence and community building
All for a measly $8.33 a month (way less costly and way more valuable than any streaming service)
We ask that you live at least 30 miles from FI Collective before considering this option. If you live around here, get on your bike and come hang out in person for Pete’s sake. (Pete’s sake? Get it? Yeah, you should prepared for corny humor if you want to hang out with us…)

The July Pass: $50 
If you haven’t heard of CampFI or the amazing guy who created it, Stephen Baughier, you need to go here and Check. It. Out! Short of living in Longmont, CampFI is one of the best ways to meet people in the FI community, learn about the mechanics of financial independence, and build a network of folks you can hang out with once you’ve pulled the plug and left traditional work behind for good! Here in Longmont, we’re kiiinda the FI capital of the world, so we’re more or less having CampFI every day anytime we want. And we’re especially the FI capital of the world every July, when lots of people are in town because they’re attending the nearby CampFI that happens in Colorado Springs throughout July. If you’re lucky enough to nab a ticket to CampFI Rocky Mountain, add on a FI Collective July pass so you can come up to Longmont and keep the fun going here! And if you missed out on a Rocky Mountain ticket this year, you can still buy a FI Collective July pass and enjoy all the fun events we’ll have going on here during the beautiful Colorado summer when all the extra FI people are in town. (Bonus: we have lots of locals willing to host out-of-towners, and priority goes to Remote Members or July Pass holders, so you might be able to skip paying the Holiday Inn and support FI Collective for way less instead!) 
 
The July Pass and Remote memberships must be paid upfront. All other memberships may be paid annually or semiannually. 
